gh-139314: Support linking against zlib-rs and libbzip2-rs (#139315)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2025-09-25-01-33-12.gh-issue-139314._m9BUl.rst

> Support was added for building against `zlib-rs <https://github.com/trifectatechfoundation/zlib-rs/>`__ and `libbzip2-rs <https://github.com/trifectatechfoundation/libbzip2-rs>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for building against `zlib-rs <https://github.com/trifectatechfoundation/zlib-rs/>`__ and `libbzip2-rs <https://github.com/trifectatechfoundation/libbzip2-rs>`__.
```

(changelog entries style → commit message style → docstring style: assertive tone, not record of past events)
